--- 
title: My fashion and the stories of our clothes
date: 2025-04-14
progress: WIP
---

One thing I treasure about my clothes is the story that lies behind each and every one of them. 

Think to your favourite jumper you own. Maybe you found it thrifting with your friends. You didn't even have a particular need for a jumper at the time. The colour caught your eye and you rubbed the fabric between your fingers feeling a genuine quality to it. After trying it on you realise with joy that the way it laid on top of your shoulders and hugged your torso was a better fit than you could have ever imagined. Not only did it look right on you, but it felt right on you. 

You pay for it eagerly and it accompanies you for the rest of the day as you chat and laugh gleefully with your friends. Over time, the warm, oddly familiar but unplaceable scent from a trail of previous owners slowly fades. One day it has fully absorbed your owm aroma. 

When the world feels limitless and the within your reach that jumper is right by your side. It cradles you in warmth and holds you tightly when you feel low or the conditions are harsh. Day by day it picks up these memories physically and they weave between the fibres. It holds part of the air you breath and occupies the spaces you stand tall and short in. Sometimes your carelessness near a bush leaves a deep scratch or a clumsy spillage of dipping sauce from the picnic goes all over the sleeve. But you can mend those holes and clean those stains. Or maybe you even embrace them. Your enthusiastic stretching loosens a section and it adopts a new look. Or the constant kissing of the sun fades the colours into something much softer and cosier. Soon it becomes so soft and moulded to your form that you can almost feel bare without it. 

In many ways the jumper becomes part of you and your identity. It appears in the photos you are in. People notice its absence from you almost as if you turned up without a limb. And for when the jumper needs to be retired or is lost or given away after change it taste, it lingers on in your memories and of those around you. Every now and then we are reintroduced to old jumpers, stashed away in the corners of our wardrobes and straight away we can feel those memories and that time of our life come back to us, in a new way with a new perspective.

Like many things our clothes may come in and out of our lives. As our interests, values and social circles develop, so do the things we choose to wear. I just think its special that certain bits of fabric are with us, holding tightly, observing and sharing a part of our lives.